this episode of TechnoBuffalo is brought
to you by Toyota what's up everyone Jon
Rhett enger' from TechnoBuffalo here
2015 is supposed to be the year of the
hoverboard but Sony 14 in the future I
think it's already here we are at the LG
booth at CES 2014 taking a look at a
mirror display and it is exactly like it
sounds like it is a mirror this is a
prototype right now it's a 55 inch full
touchscreen 10-point touchscreen that
you could use for really anything that
you want it to computer monitor so you
can use it for your employees and have
it sort of bulletin board hospitals and
it's freaking near maddening trying to
put this thing in your house and just
putting machines up so we can do a quick
demonstration we can sort of show how it
works and show that it moves it's a full
touchscreen you can just do anything you
want you can put whatever you like on
and it just looks awesome
just like basket it's crazy mirrored
reflection glory you could watch TV
while you brush your teeth which is
really the dream I think isn't it don't
that many things here at the show that I
walk by and like have to stop and look
and this one is on the far corner of LG
booth it's not getting much traffic but
I think it deserves as big spot as you
know the crazy curved OLED displays so
the crazy mirror display isn't the only
futuristic thing here this is a clear
display it's like touching a window that
can respond to you it is a 47 inch full
HD 10-point touchscreen and again it's
similar to a monitor it's meant for
retail for point-of-sale stuff you can
show your products on here you could
give full demonstration tickle if you'll
be immersed you can actually use it to
you know even purchase you can see it
looks like she's just touching a window
so this is the thing that is here and
exists and will be able to be purchased
aren't that many things in tech that
maybe just like stare at it in
keep them but this is it this is really
incredible imagine this on your window
at your house someday you know being
able to look outside and buy something
on Amazon or check your email really
really incredible did not see this
coming at all I think LG absolutely
nailed it right now prototype hopefully
we'll see it on the market sometime very
soon but you are definitely looking at
the future and you can see right through
it
so when you guys think which one of
these would you want would you want both
of them I love to hear your thoughts
leave your comments down below of course
check us out at TechnoBuffalo calm and a
huge special thank you to Toyota for
sponsoring our CES coverage
[Music]